now it came to pass after these things
now it came to pass after these things that God tested Abraham Abraham Here I
that God tested Abraham Abraham Here I
that God tested Abraham Abraham Here I am take now your son your only son Isaac
am take now your son your only son Isaac
am take now your son your only son Isaac whom you love and go to the land of
whom you love and go to the land of
whom you love and go to the land of Moriah and offer him there as a burnt
Moriah and offer him there as a burnt
Moriah and offer him there as a burnt offering on one of the mountains of
offering on one of the mountains of
offering on one of the mountains of which I shall tell you so Abraham rose
which I shall tell you so Abraham rose
which I shall tell you so Abraham rose early in the morning and saddled his
early in the morning and saddled his
early in the morning and saddled his donkey and took two of his young men
donkey and took two of his young men
donkey and took two of his young men with him and Isaac his son and he split
with him and Isaac his son and he split
with him and Isaac his son and he split the wood for the burnt offering and
the wood for the burnt offering and
the wood for the burnt offering and arose and went to the place of which God
arose and went to the place of which God
arose and went to the place of which God had told him and on the third day
had told him and on the third day
had told him and on the third day Abraham lifted his eyes and saw the
Abraham lifted his eyes and saw the
Abraham lifted his eyes and saw the place afar off and Abraham said to his
place afar off and Abraham said to his
place afar off and Abraham said to his young man stay here with the donkey the
young man stay here with the donkey the
young man stay here with the donkey the lad and I will go yonder and worship and
lad and I will go yonder and worship and
lad and I will go yonder and worship and we will come back to you so Abraham took
we will come back to you so Abraham took
we will come back to you so Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering and laid
the wood of the burnt offering and laid
the wood of the burnt offering and laid it on Isaac his sons he took the fire in
it on Isaac his sons he took the fire in
it on Isaac his sons he took the fire in his hand and a knife
his hand and a knife
his hand and a knife and the two of them went together but
and the two of them went together but
and the two of them went together but Isaac spoke to Abraham his father my
Isaac spoke to Abraham his father my
Isaac spoke to Abraham his father my father here I had my son look the fire
father here I had my son look the fire
father here I had my son look the fire and the wood but where is the lamb for a
and the wood but where is the lamb for a
and the wood but where is the lamb for a burnt offering my son God will provide
burnt offering my son God will provide
burnt offering my son God will provide for himself the lamb for a burnt
for himself the lamb for a burnt
for himself the lamb for a burnt offering so the two of them went
offering so the two of them went
offering so the two of them went together then they came to the place of
together then they came to the place of
together then they came to the place of which God had told and Abraham built an
which God had told and Abraham built an
which God had told and Abraham built an altar there and placed the wood in order
and he bound Isaac his son and laid him
and he bound Isaac his son and laid him on the altar upon the wood and Abraham
on the altar upon the wood and Abraham
on the altar upon the wood and Abraham stretched out his hand and took the
stretched out his hand and took the
stretched out his hand and took the knife to slay his son but the angel of
knife to slay his son but the angel of
knife to slay his son but the angel of the Lord called to him from heaven
the Lord called to him from heaven
the Lord called to him from heaven Abraham
Abraham
Abraham Abraham Here I am do not lay your hand
Abraham Here I am do not lay your hand
Abraham Here I am do not lay your hand in the ladder or do anything to him for
in the ladder or do anything to him for
in the ladder or do anything to him for now I know that you fear God since you
now I know that you fear God since you
now I know that you fear God since you have not withheld your son your only son
have not withheld your son your only son
have not withheld your son your only son from me then Abraham lifted his eyes and
from me then Abraham lifted his eyes and
from me then Abraham lifted his eyes and looked and there behind him was a ram
looked and there behind him was a ram
looked and there behind him was a ram caught in a thicket by its horns so
caught in a thicket by its horns so
caught in a thicket by its horns so Abraham went and took the RAM and
Abraham went and took the RAM and
Abraham went and took the RAM and offered it up for a burnt offering
offered it up for a burnt offering
offered it up for a burnt offering instead of his son and Abraham called
instead of his son and Abraham called
instead of his son and Abraham called the name of the place the Lord will
the name of the place the Lord will
the name of the place the Lord will provide as it is said to this day in the
provide as it is said to this day in the
provide as it is said to this day in the mount of the Lord it shall be provided
mount of the Lord it shall be provided
mount of the Lord it shall be provided then the angel of the Lord called to
then the angel of the Lord called to
then the angel of the Lord called to Abraham a second time out of heaven by
Abraham a second time out of heaven by
Abraham a second time out of heaven by myself I have sworn says the Lord
myself I have sworn says the Lord
myself I have sworn says the Lord because you'll done this thing and I'm
because you'll done this thing and I'm
because you'll done this thing and I'm not withheld your son your only son
not withheld your son your only son
not withheld your son your only son blessing I will bless you and
blessing I will bless you and
blessing I will bless you and multiplying I will multiply your
multiplying I will multiply your
multiplying I will multiply your descendants as the stars of the heaven
descendants as the stars of the heaven
descendants as the stars of the heaven and as the sand which is on the seashore
and as the sand which is on the seashore
and as the sand which is on the seashore and your descendants shall possess the
and your descendants shall possess the
and your descendants shall possess the gate of their enemies in your seed all
gate of their enemies in your seed all
gate of their enemies in your seed all the nations of the earth shall be
the nations of the earth shall be
the nations of the earth shall be blessed because you have obeyed my voice
blessed because you have obeyed my voice
blessed because you have obeyed my voice sir Abraham returned to his young men
sir Abraham returned to his young men
sir Abraham returned to his young men and they rose and went together to
and they rose and went together to
and they rose and went together to Beersheba and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba
Beersheba and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba
Beersheba and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba now it came to pass after these things
now it came to pass after these things
now it came to pass after these things that it was told Abraham saying indeed
that it was told Abraham saying indeed
that it was told Abraham saying indeed milker also has borne children to your
milker also has borne children to your
milker also has borne children to your brother nay whole as his firstborn buz
brother nay whole as his firstborn buz
brother nay whole as his firstborn buz his brother
his brother
his brother Kim ul the father of Arum he said
Kim ul the father of Arum he said
Kim ul the father of Arum he said heizo pill - Judith and the fewer and
heizo pill - Judith and the fewer and
heizo pill - Judith and the fewer and the fuel begat Rebekah these eight milk
the fuel begat Rebekah these eight milk
the fuel begat Rebekah these eight milk aborted Nahor Abraham's brother his
aborted Nahor Abraham's brother his
aborted Nahor Abraham's brother his concubine whose name was rumor also
concubine whose name was rumor also
concubine whose name was rumor also bought tiba gay ham Faye hash and merica